docs(support-policy): update supported versions (#35600)
truecharts/charts: website/src/content/docs/general/support-policy.md

| --------------- | -------- | ---------------------- | ------------------------- | --------------------- | ----- |
| 3.13 and prior  | `master` | ❌                     | ❌                        | ❌                    |       |
| 3.14 - 3.17     | `master` | ✅                     | ✅                        | ✅                    |       |

> | 3.18            | `master` | ❌                     | ❌                        | ❌                    | Bug indentifed on 3.18, we will not support until fixed in future Helm update. https://github.com/helm/helm/pull/30902 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 3.18.0           | `master` | ❌                     | ❌                        | ❌                    | Bug indentifed on 3.18.0, we cannot support this version. https://github.com/helm/helm/pull/30902 |
```

I did literally instruct how this should be listed.
It was Alfi who suggested this, and I overruled that explicitly stating that 3.18.0 needs to be listed separately because it cannot and will-not ever be supported.

Reviewer 2: I suggested nothing regarding helm 3.18.0
